# TPO 71
## Reading 1

> [!note]+ Paragraph
> The most obvious form of energy in the oceans lies in waves. Harnessing wave energy and converting it to electricity is not a new idea, and it has been used on an extremely limited scale.Unfortunately, the energy possessed by a wave is distributed along its crest and is difficult to concentrate. Furthermore, any facility would have to be designed to withstand the effects of storms and saltwater corrosion.**The Japanese have developed wave-energy devices to power lighthouses and buoys, and a facility capable of providing power to about 300 homes began operating in Scotland during September 2000.**

> [!question]+ Question
> By mentioning the Japanese and Scotland in paragraph 6, the author is supporting which of the following points?
> A. Some countries have come to depend heavily on power generated by the waves
> B. Unlike other countries. Scotland and Japan have had little success using energy from waves because of the effects of weather and corrosion
> C. The use of energy from waves is better suited for industrial purposes than it is for use in homes
> D. It is difficult to generate electricity by using ocean waves, even though it is being done to a limited extent in some places

> [!check]- Answer
> D.
> 这题比较牵强，感觉只能通过把握整个paragraph的意思来看，但是ABC真的错得太离谱了，相对来讲D比较对

> [!note]+ Paragraph  
> Perhaps tidal power is the most promising form of ocean energy. In fact, it has been ==used for centuries in some coastal areas to run mills== , but its use at present for electrical generation is limited.Most coastal areas experience a twice-daily rise and fall of tides, but only a few areas are suitable for exploiting this energy source. One limitation is that the tidal range must be at least five meters, and there must also be a coastal region where water can be stored following high tide.

> [!question]+ Question  
> Why does the author mention the fact that tides have been "used for centuries in some coastal areas to run mills" ?  
> A. To compare how energy from the ocean was gotten in the past with how it is currently gotten  
> B. To emphasize the difficulty of providing for the energy needs of the coastal areas  
> C. To explain why some coastal areas had more energy available in the past than inland areas typically did  
> D. To support the idea that the tides are probably the most easily converted source of energy from the sea

> [!check]- Answer  
> 选D，不知道为什么之前会选B，感觉是因为没看懂
>
## Reading 2

> [!note]+ Paragraph
> Palatial control over foreign trade is more difficult to prove archaeologically, as there is often no way to determine where on Crete any specific item found abroad was made. ==One argument often brought to the fore is that only the palaces would have the capital (to use a modern term) to finance the goods and shipping for long trade journeys, not to mention to handle the risks of possible sea wrecks==. Another argument,however,lies in the nature of the Minoan goods found abroad.For example,Kamares ware pottery from Minoan Crete has come to light on the coasts of Cyprus and in areas of the Near East such as Egypt and Syria. This Kamares ware is clearly a product of palatial manufacture. The ceramics from before and after the classical Kamares wares are clearly local creations-Knossian ware being distinct from Malhan ware. By contrast, the Kamares ware made in the palaces is similar from palace to palace but is utterly distinct from the provincial wares. The number of foreign goods stored in the palaces,especially Zakro, also gives evidence for the palatial control of international exchange.

> [!question]+ Question
> Which of the sentences below best expresses the essential information in the highlighted sentence in the passage? Incorrect choices change the meaning in important ways or leave out essential information.
> A. One argument is that the risks of possible sea wrecks have been ignored in estimates of the palaces' ability to finance goods and shipping in overseas trade
> B. One argument is that the palaces had enough capital to finance lhe manufacture of trade goods but not enough to handle the risk of sea wrecks
> C. One argument is that only the palaces had enough wealth to finance the goods and to take on the risks and shipping costs involved in overseas trade
> D. One argument is that the palaces are the only institutions that would have needed capital to finance the goods, shipping, and risks involved in overseas trade

> [!check]- Answer
> 之前是因为没读懂，实际上读懂之后选C而不是A是比较显然的，因为这段话讲的实际是在这个岛上什么在负责对外贸易，那么第一个推断是capital才能有资金有资历来支撑海上贸易，所以C讲的没问题


